### egg drops Question standard problem


A very first thing to observe is about the case when 
we have k floors and only one egg. In this case all we
can do is keep checking the possibility of dropping egg
from every floor from the first floor in worst case we
our answer being k . we will test k times.

Now consider the case when we we have "n eggs" and 
"k floors" here we have for curr floor 
if we check - we have two cases 
1) egg breaks : In this case if the egg breaks at 
x floor then we have to check our answer from 
rest x-1 floors with the rest n-1 eggs.
2) egg doesn't break - In this case we will have 
our answer in the rest k-x floors remaining to check 
and with all remaining n eggs in our hand as current
egg is solid.

Once you unerstand this you can write recursion for this.

We need to minimize the number of trials in worst case.
First thing is we will check possibility at every floor
and take minimum of results of all the floors with 
current number of eggs and all the floors .
Secondly we have 2 cases for each floor. So, for that
there we need to take maximum of the two cases as 
want to calculate the worst case scenario possible.
In worst case that will be the ans.

### Longest Palindromic subsequence.

In this with current pointers to the first and last index
of the sequence. We will travel from there and check if the
first and last character of current sequence are eqal 

If they are equal then we need to check only for the
subsequence for (i+1,j-1) as seq[i]==seq[j]

If they are not equal then we have two cases that we either
increase the i to i+1 checking for seq[i+1] and seq[j] 
and the second case is when j to j-1 checking for 
seq[i] and seq[j-1]		

And here like this we can use recursion to reach at the solution 
and further using tabulation we can reduce repeated braching off.
